Prep for v0.30.2 (#2723)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

changes that impact end-user behavior are listed; changes to documentation or
internal API changes are not present.

v0.30.2 (2023-01-11)
--------------------

### Bugfixes

> - Flow: `prometheus.relabel` will no longer modify the labels of the original
>   metrics, which could lead to relabel rules applying incorrectly on subsequent
>   relabels. (@rfratto)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flow: `prometheus.relabel` will no longer modify the labels of the original
  metrics, which could lead to the incorrect application of relabel rules on subsequent
  relabels. (@rfratto)
```
